Now I really suspect that you are maliciously undermining my own project.
What the hell are you talking about?
From Heaven, stop pretending.
The whole department knows you went to the construction site by yourself.
Coincidentally, after you left, there was a problem with the construction site.
And you said you didn't.
Crazy, who are you scolding?
Let me go, security?
What are you doing?
From Heaven, what are you here for, I'll tell you.
Bankrupt
Lao Tzu is an official
Truth. What do you want?
Do people like you only think what matches your expectations is called the truth?
Forget it, talking too much is useless.
Look what caught.
We have to see who will cry in the end.
You don't owe the coffin no tears, do you?
You bully us Giang is a girl who doesn t dare to touch you, right?
General Manager Zhang, we should show this guy some color.
Xu Thien, I don't want to do too great because you are a former employee of Jiang Vinh.
You forced me.
It can't be divided.
Starting today, any building materials that renew will not give me the face of the Giang Vinh Group.
As you wish.
Now you can have.
Get out of this business.
I'm really curious right now.
This decision is yours.
General Director Jiang knows you. General Director Jiang said it.
You don t have to go through the eyes of the president...
What are you?
General Director Jiang, what do you say?
That's enough.
Call the police and take this person to the police station.
Wait a minute.